#Exercise 1.7##Working with Additional ProfilesIn this exercise, you define a limited user for the account and configure a new profile inthe SDK to use these credentials. Notice that the permissions are restrictive and that youneed to update the permissions for that user to be more permissive.	1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console (at aws.amazon.com) using the credentials	for DevAdmin from Exercise 1.2.	2. Select Services.	3. Select IAM to open the IAM dashboard.	4. Select Users to view the list of IAM users.	5. Choose Add user.	6. Set the user name to DevRestricted.	7. For Access type, select Programmatic access.	8. Choose Next Permissions.	9. Select Attach existing policies directly.	10. Select the AmazonPollyReadOnlyAccess policy.	11. To narrow the options, in Filter, enter polly.	12. Choose Next: Tags.	13. Define a tag as follows:			■ Key: project			■ Value: dev-study-guide	14. Choose Next: Review.	15. Choose Create User.	16. To configure the SDK in the following steps, download the credentials.csv file.	17. Rename the downloaded file to devrestricted-credentials.csv and move it to the		same folder where you put the CSV file from Exercise 1.2.	18. Open a terminal window and navigate to the folder with the sample code.	19. Navigate to the chapter-01 folder.	20. (Optional) Review the code in upload-restricted.py.	21. Configure the AWS CLI with a new profile called restricted. Run the following		command:			aws configure --profile restricted		When prompted, enter the following values:			■ AWS Access Key ID: Copy the value from the CSV you downloaded.			■ AWS Secret Access Key: Copy the value from the CSV you downloaded.			■ Default region name: Enter us-east-1.			■ Default output format: Press Enter to retain the default setting.	22. Upload the lexicon.		The upload operation is expected to fail because of the restricted permissions associated		with the profile specified in the script. Run the following Python script:			python upload-restricted.py	23. Return to the AWS Management Console for IAM, and in the left navigation,		select Users.	24. To view a user summary page, select DevRestricted user.	25. Choose Add permissions.	26. Select Attach existing policies directly.	27. To filter out other policies, in the search box, enter polly, and select the		AmazonPollyFullAccess policy.	28. Choose Next: Review.	29. Choose Add permissions.	30. Repeat step 22 to upload the lexicon.		The upload is successful. After the change in permissions, you did not have to		modify the credentials. After a short delay, the new policy automatically takes effect		on new API calls from DevRestricted.	31. Delete the lexicon by running the following command:			aws polly delete-lexicon --name awsLexicon --region eu-west-2In this exercise, you have configured the SDK and AWS CLI to refer to a secondary credentialsprofile and have tested the distinction between the AWS managed IAM policiesrelated to Amazon Polly. You have also confirmed that it is possible to change the permissionsof an IAM user without changing the access key used by that user.