# Exercise 1.2## Create an IAM Administrators Group and UserIn this exercise, you’ll define an Administrators group and then add a user to that group.Generate API keys for this user and call this user DevAdmin.
	1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console (at signin.aws.amazon.com/console).
	2. Select All Services.
	3. To open the IAM dashboard, select IAM.
	4. To view the list of IAM groups, select Groups.
	5. If this is a new account, the list is empty.	5. Choose Create New Group.	6. For Group Name, enter Administrators.	7. Choose Next Step.	8. On the Attach Policy page, select the AdministratorAccess policy.	9. Choose Next Step.	10. On the Review page, choose Create Group to create the Administrators group.	11. To view the list of IAM users, select Users.		 If this is a new account, the list is empty.	12. Choose Add user.	13. Set the user name to DevAdmin.	14. Select both Access type check boxes: Programmatic access and AWS Management		 Console access.	15. Choose Next: Permissions.	16. To add this user to the Administrators group, select the Administrators group check		 box.	17. Clear the Require password reset check box.	18. Choose Next: Tags.	19. Provide a tag with a key of project and a value of dev-study-guide.
	20. Use tags to add customizable key-value pairs to resources so that you can more easily		track and manage them.	20. Choose Next: Review.	21. Choose Create user.	22. Download the credentials.csv file.	23. Rename the file to devadmin-credentials.csv, and move the file to a folder where you would like to keep it.	24. Sign out of the AWS Management Console by clicking your name in the top bar and		selecting Sign Out.
		You now have a .csv file that contains a user name, password, access key ID, secretaccess key, and console login link. Use the DevAdmin user name, password, and consolesign-in link to sign in to the AWS Management Console for all future exercises unless otherwisenoted. Use the access key to configure the SDK in the following exercises.