# Exercise 3.1## Create an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) BucketIn this exercise, you will create an Amazon S3 bucket using the AWS SDK for Java. Youwill use this bucket in the exercises that follow.For assistance in completing this exercise, copying this code, or for code in other languages, see the following documentation:	https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/create-bucket-getlocation-example.html	1. Enter the following code in your preferred development environment for Java:

			import java.io.IOException;			import com.amazonaws.AmazonServiceException;			import com.amazonaws.SdkClientException;			import com.amazonaws.auth.profile.ProfileCredentialsProvider;			import com.amazonaws.services.s3.AmazonS3;			import com.amazonaws.services.s3.AmazonS3ClientBuilder;			import com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.CreateBucketRequest;			import com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.GetBucketLocationRequest;			public class CreateBucket {			public static void main(String[] args) throws IOException {				String clientRegion = "*** Client region ***";				String bucketName = "*** Bucket name ***";				try {					AmazonS3 s3Client = AmazonS3ClientBuilder.standard()											.withCredentials(new ProfileCredentialsProvider())											.withRegion(clientRegion)											.build();				if (!s3Client.doesBucketExistV2(bucketName)) {			// Because the CreateBucketRequest object doesn't specify a region, the			// bucket is created in the region specified in the client.					s3Client.createBucket(new CreateBucketRequest(bucketName));
			// Verify that the bucket was created by retrieving it and checking its location.					String bucketLocation = s3Client.getBucketLocation(new					GetBucketLocationRequest(bucketName));					System.out.println("Bucket location: " + bucketLocation);				}				}				catch(AmazonServiceException e) {			// The call was transmitted successfully, but Amazon S3 couldn't process			// it and returned an error response.					e.printStackTrace();				}				catch(SdkClientException e) {			// Amazon S3 couldn't be contacted for a response, or the client			// couldn't parse the response from Amazon S3.				e.printStackTrace();						}					}				}

	2. Replace the static variable values for clientRegion and bucketName. Note that	bucket names must be unique across all of AWS. Make a note of these two values;	you will use the same region and bucket name for the exercises that follow in this	chapter.	3. Execute the code. Your bucket gets created with the name you specified in the region you specified. A successful result shows the following output:			Bucket Location: [bucketLocation]