# Excercise 2.4##Launch an Amazon EC2 Instance as a Web ServerIn this exercise, you’ll launch an Amazon EC2 instance as a web server and connect to it.	1. Select Services ➢ EC2 .	2. Select Launch Instance .	3. Select Amazon Linux 2 AMI and then choose Next .	4. Select t2.micro and then choose Next: Confi gure Instance Details .	5. On the Confi gure Instance Details page, set the instance:		■ Select Network ➢ devassoc .		■ Select Subnet ➢ Public Subnet .		■ Select Auto-assign Public IP ➢ Enable .		■ Select IAM Role ➢ devassoc-webserver .	6. Expand Advanced Details and then paste the User Data script.			#!/bin/bash			yum install httpd -y			systemctl start httpd			systemctl enable httpd	Paste this snippet from chapter-02/server-short.txt , located in the	folder in which you downloaded the sample code for this guide.	7. Select Next: Add Storage .	8. Select Next: Add Tags .	9. On the Add Tags page, choose Add Tag and then enter the following:			Key : Name			Value : webserver	10. Choose Next: Confi gure Security Group .	11. On the Confi gure Security Group page:			■ For Security group name , enter restricted-http-ssh .			■ For Description, enter H TTP and SSH from my IP address only .	12. For the existing SSH rule, select Source ➢ My IP .	13. Select Add Rule , and then confi gure the second rule:			■ For Type, select HTTP .			■ For Source , select My IP .	14.	 Choose Review and Launch .	15. On the Review Instance Launch page, verify the settings and then choose Launch .	16. Under Select a key pair , select devassoc and select the box acknowledging that you		have access to the key pair.	17. To launch your EC2 instance, choose Launch Instances .	18. To fi nd your instance, choose View Instances .	19. From the list of instances, select webserver. Wait until Instance Status for your		instance reads as running and Status Checks changes to 2/2 checks passed.	20. Copy the Public IPv4 address of the instance to a text document.	21. Paste the IP address of the webserver instance into a browser window.		A test webpage is displayed. If you do not see a page, wait 30 seconds and then		refresh the page.	22. Disable your mobile phone’s Wi-Fi and then attempt to access the IP address of the		webserver instance from your mobile phone with mobile data.The page fails to load because the security group rule allows HTTP access from only aparticular IP address.