#Exercise 2.2##Create an Amazon VP C with Public and Private SubnetsIn this exercise, you’ll create an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC). Within thatAmazon VPC, you will have a public subnet directly connected to the internet through aninternet gateway. You will also have a private subnet that only has an indirect connectionto the internet using network address translation (NAT).	1. To display the Amazon VPC dashboard, select Services ➢ VPC.	2. Select Launch VPC Wizard.		If a field does not contain an explicit value in these directions, retain the default		value.	3. Select VPC with Public and Private Subnets and then click Select.	4. Enter the following details for Amazon VPC:		a. For Amazon VPC name, enter devassoc.		b. In the public and private subnets drop-down lists, select the first AZ.		c. In the Elastic IP Allocation ID prompt, select Use a NAT instance instead.		d. For the Amazon EC2 Key Pair Name, select devassoc.	5. Choose Create VPC.	6. When the Amazon VPC is created, choose OK.	7. Copy the VPC ID of the Amazon VPC named devassoc to a text document.	8. To view the list of subnets, select Subnets. In the filter box, paste the VPC ID you		copied and then press the Enter key to filter the results.		Two subnets are listed: Public subnet and Private subnet.	9. Copy the Subnet ID of the public and private subnet to the text file.		After you have created Amazon VPC, your text document will look like the following:			VPC ID: VPC-06bb2198eaexample			Public subnet ID: subnet-0625e239a2example			Private subnet ID: subnet-0e78325d9eexample