# Exercise 2.8## Make Requests to Private InstanceIn this exercise, you will explore connectivity to the private instance.	1. From your web browser, navigate to the private IP of the instance. Though the security group is open to requests from anywhere, this will fail because the private IP address is not routable over the internet.
	2. Select Services ➢ EC2.	3. From the list of instances, select webserver.	4. Select Connect and then follow the directions to establish an SSH connection.	5. From within the SSH session, make an HTTP request to the private server with curl.Replace the variable private-ip-address with the private IP address of privateinstance address that you copied earlier.		curl private-ip-address	6. Download the MP3 audio from the private-instance to webserver using curl as	follows:		curl private-ip-address/instance.mp3 --output instance.mp3	7. Make the file available for download from webserver:			sudo cp instance.mp3 /var/www/html/instance.mp3	8. In your web browser, enter the following address. Substitute public-ip-of webserver with the public IPv4 address of webserver, and listen to the MP3.		http://public-ip-of-webserver/instance.mp3	
Though the private web server is not reachable from the internet, you have confirmed that it is reachable to other instances within the same Amazon VPC. As part of the bootstrapping, the private instance made AWS API calls, which require the ability to make both web requests via the NAT gateway and credentials from an IAM role. You have confirmed that these requests succeeded by downloading the resulting MP3 file from private-instance and placing it on webserver.