# Exercise 2.7## Launch an Amazon EC2 Instance into the Private SubnetIn this exercise, you’ll launch an Amazon EC2 instance into the private subnet and thenverify that the security group allows HTTP from anywhere. Because this instance is inthe private subnet, it does not have a public IP address. Even though the instance canmake outbound requests to the internet through the NAT instance, it is not reachable forinbound connections from the internet.	1. Select Services ➢ EC2.	2. Choose Launch Instance.	3. Select Amazon Linux 2 AMI.	4. Select t2.micro and then choose Next: Configure Instance Details.	5. On the Instance Details page, provide the following values:		■ Select Network ➢ devassoc VPC.		■ Select Subnet ➢ Private Subnet.		■ Select IAM Role ➢ devassoc-webserver.		■ Select Advanced Details ➢ User Data ➢ As File.		■ From the folder where you downloaded the samples for this guide, select 			Choose File ➢ chapter-02/server-polly.txt.
	6. Choose Next: Add Storage.	7. Choose Next: Add Tags.	8. Select Tags ➢ Add tag and set the following values:		■ For Key, enter Name.		■ For Value, enter private-instance.	9. Choose Next: Configure Security Group.	10. For Security Group, set the following values:		■ For Security group name, enter open-http-ssh.		■ For Description: enter HTTP and SSH from Anywhere.	11. For the SSH rule, select Source ➢ Anywhere.	12. Select Add Rule and then configure the second rule:		■ For Type, select HTTP.		■ For Source, select Anywhere.	13. Choose Review and Launch.	14. Choose Launch.	15. Under Select a key pair, choose devassoc and select the check box acknowledging that you have access to the key pair.	16. Choose Launch Instances.	17. Select View Instances.	18. Select private-instance.	19. Copy the Private IP of the instance to the text document.Notice that the instance has no public IP address.