# Exercise 2.6## Configure NAT for Instances in the Private SubnetIn this exercise, you’ll create a security group for the NAT instance. NAT allows AmazonEC2 instances in the private subnet to make web requests to the internet, to update softwarepackages, and to make API calls.	1. Select Services ➢ VPC.	2. From the Security section, select Security Groups.	3. Select Create Security Group and configure the properties as follows:		■ Set the Name tag to nat-sg.		■ Set the Group name to nat-sg.		■ Set the Description to Allow NAT instance to forward internet traffic.		■ Set Amazon VPC to devassoc.	4. Choose Create to save the group, and then choose Close to return to the list of 		security groups.	5. Select the nat-sg security group.	6. To modify the inbound rules, select the Inbound Rules tab and select Edit 		rules.	7. Select Add Rule, and set the following properties for the first rule:		■ From Type, select HTTP (80).		■ For Source, enter 10.0.0.0/16.
		■ For Description, enter Enable internet bound HTTP requests from VPC instances.	8. Select Add Rule, and set the following properties for this rule:		■ From Type, select HTTPS (443).		■ For Source, enter 10.0.0.0/16.		■ For Description, enter Enable internet bound HTTPS. requests from VPC instances.	9. Select Add Rule, and set the following properties for this rule:		■ From Type, select All ICMP – IPv4.		■ For Source, enter 10.0.0.0/16.		■ For Description, Enable outbound PING requests from VPC instances.	10. Choose Save rules.
	11. Select Services ➢ EC2.	12. Select Instances.	13. Paste the Public subnet ID into the filter box.		Two results are displayed. The result with an empty name is your NAT instance.	14. To edit the name of the NAT instance, hover over the name field and select the pencil icon.	15. Enter the name devassoc-nat and press Enter.	16. Modify the security groups for devassoc-nat to include the nat-sg group as follows:		■ Select the devassoc-nat instance and select Actions.		■ Select Networking ➢ Change Security Groups.		■ Select nat-sg. You can clear the default.		■ Select Assign Security Group.